// A funtion has 3 main components 1 func prototype 2 body and 3 call 
// fun protype tells us about majorly 3 things - return type of the funtion ,funtion name ,list of arguments with datatype
// for example int add (int s ,int v ,int y)
// funtion body tells us about the actual working of the funtion 
// u can cal a funtion by using its name and req parameters. 
// variation of function no return no argument , with return no argument , with return with argument, no return with argument.

/*
Divide and conquer and combine 
  divide -> it breaks problem into smaller independent problems 
  conquer -> finding soln of smaller sub problem 
  combine -> joining the soln of smaller sub problems to find soln of larger problem.
  
greedy 
  finding optimal soln at each step 

Dp(Dynamic Programming)
  1. samller subproblems it divides in to smaller sub problems and 
  2. interconnectedd problems -> those sub problems must be interconnected in such a way that onr problem is using the soln of already solved one.
  
  
Backtracking 
    it searches for al possible paths for a given problem .if at any branch or path it fails it backtraacks and checks for other paths 
    
    n queen 

Branch and Bound 
    it provides boundaries to the unsoolved problems to manage it into a sorted intervaks , so that it may have possiblity for its soln 
    
    note -> if we cant set intervals then it'll give a exonential time commpelxity which is hard to implement 
    
 */

                    SDLC(software development life cycle)


(1) Feasiblity study 

1. Economic Feasiblity - indicates that project must fit in the available budget to be feasible.

2. Operational Feasiblity - All the operations ans needs to be done are feasible or not.

3. Technical Feasiblity - you will be provided with all the tools techstack and resources for the project.

(2) Requirements Analysis 

what are needs of client is analysed in these phase, to caollect all the Requirements and prepare SRS document

(3) Desiging 

(4) Coding 

(5) Testing 

(6) Deployment and maintainance



Components of class - 1. Member data 2. Member function 

Member Data - attributes 
Member funtion - behaviour

byte loader , java interpreter , byte code verification , time spacetradeoff , abs datatype

Encapsulation -> 


Abstraction -> Abstract classes - contains abs methods and no abs method 
ADT- those who do not have theier own implementiation are known as adt , it will be implemented with help of others.

interaface -> abs method without abs keyword , default methods ,data memners shoul be public static final.


Home-Work - hollow rectangle , holllow dimond ,
1. implement a class payment, that implements 3 interfaces 
upi - in these interface we ar ehaving s defult method payment
credit card - in these interface we are having a default method payment 
debitcard - in these interface we are having a default method payment 
now eaccept a payment method from main class and implement its payment function 




